[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer blipping]
XANA'S KISS
-[Ulrich] Jean?
-Yeah.
Azra? Claire?
Lola?
Yeah… Double yeah!
Huh?
So you've dated every
girl in the eighth grade?
Everyone except Heidi Klinger!
Are you a trying to set a record
or something?
No way! I'm searching for true love!
Well, look who's here. Hi, dear Ulrich!
Wanna see a movie with me this afternoon?
Depends on what's playing.
Adventure in the Tropics.
Oh, no… What a bummer!
I've already seen it! Shame…
[Sissi sighs]
-[Sissi groans]
-I'll see it with you!
-See what?
-[Herb] The film…
Great! Let's go, then!
Hey, do you mean that?
[chuckles]
-Not!
-[Herb sighs]
-[Nicolas laughs]
-[Herb sneers]
[loud growling]
[Odd] You actually went to see
Adventure in the Tropics?
[Ulrich] Are you crazy?
I'd rather study for a math quiz
than go to the movies with Sissi!
[Herb] You make me sick, Stern!
You really think you're hot stuff!
I'm gonna knock that smile off your face!
Oh yeah?
Well, go on! What are you waiting for!
[groans and grunts clumsily]
[grunts and groans]
Ouch… Now that has gotta hurt!
-[Odd mumbles unintelligibly]
-What?
[Odd spits]
[Odd] I said: jealousy
makes people go bananas!
[Ulrich] And love
plays tricks with your mind!
I gotta go and get Aelita.
I promised to give her my croissants.
She likes them with her hot chocolate!
What were you saying about love?
What does it do to people's minds?
Looks like there are no exceptions
to the rule!
[Odd] Speaking of hot chocolate,
I gotta get moving.
I finally got a date with Heidi!
[Ulrich] You're going to give her
your croissants?
[Odd] You must be joking!
A guy's gotta eat, doesn't he?
[electricity crackling]
[theme music]
Hi, Jeremy!
You haven't seen Odd, have you?
He promised to have breakfast with me!
[Heidi gasps]
-[Heidi gasps]
-[Odd and Ulrich gasp]
Huh?
-[smooch]
-[Heidi moans]
[gasps]
I can't believe that!
Hey there, Yumi.
You wouldn't have the answers
to the math quiz, would you?
-[Mathias groans]
-[William grunts]
-[smooch]
Wow… I sure am glad I brushed
my teeth this morning!
Huh?
Jeremy! Would you mind telling me why
you kissed me in front of Odd?
What are you talking about?
Are you out of your mind?
[Heidi sighs]
[Heidi shrugs angrily]
[Jeremy] Aelita!
Oh, no…
[theme music]
Hey everyone!
Slide over and make me some room!
Don't you wanna sit with Heidi?
She's all by herself!
Hmm?
[sad music]
Listen! I don't know what all this
is about, but I swear to you--
-[Aelita sighs]
-[Jeremy groans]
You sure threw me a real
curve-ball there, Mr. Romantic!
But, I…
[Ulrich] Guess you won't need
this croissant!
Later!
[William] Ulrich! Glad I ran into you!
In case you haven't heard,
Yumi's going out with Mathias Durrell!
What?
[Yumi] Morning everyone!
Thanks Ulrich!
So, you like Durrell, do you?
He's a nice guy, why?
How does he kiss, huh?
Kiss? How should I know?
[Ulrich] Cut out the acting, Yumi.
William saw you!
I saw you!
-Huh? What--
-[William grunts]
Hmm?
Rumor has it, I'm dating Mathias Durrell!
No kidding! Well, rumor has it
that I kissed Heidi Klinger!
Hmm?
Huh? Croissant?
[Jeremy] I'm not hungry.
[theme music]
-[buzzing]
-[growls]
[sneers]
Ulrich will never go out with you!
He said so! I heard him!
Speak of the devil, there he is!
Why don't you ask him yourself?
Hey!
-[smooch]
-[Sissi moans]
[Yumi gasps]
[snickers]
What were you saying?
[Herb] How does he do it?
What does he have that I don't?
Everything! Except for your gross pimples.
I dare you to say that again!
-[Nicolas grunts]
-Hey Yumi! Everything okay?
[Yumi sighs]
[school bell rings]
[Mr. Fumet] Yes, right…
Last time we were discussing
the causes of World War I…
-[Jeremy] Aelita, can we talk?
-We're in class!
[Mr. Fumet] …the assassination
of the archduke Francis Ferdinand,
-the heir to…
-Why did you kiss Heidi?
I did not kiss Heidi!
I saw you!
It wasn't a very nice thing to do to Odd.
And what about you?
Kissing Sissi to get back at Yumi?
You call that nice?
What! I didn't kiss Sissi!
I saw you.
[Mr. Fumet] And now,
my first question is…
"when did Gallieni die?"
Well, class? I'm waiting!
Ulrich!
When did Gallieni die?
[dithering]
Well…
[stutters]
At the end of his life?
[whole class laughing]
Stern! What are you doing here?
You should be in class!
Huh?
[tires screeching]
Well, is that you, Yolanda?
[chuckles]
[smooch]
Hey…
-[school bell rings]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[boy 1] Hey!
-[boy 2] What?
Hey! Aelita!
-[Nicolas groans]
-[smooch]
-[Nicolas grunts]
-[Jeremy gasps]
[Aelita] Jeremy?
You wanted to talk to me?
[Jeremy] Yeah!
Let's talk about you and Nicolas!
[Aelita puzzled] Huh?
I sure hope he's better at kissing
than he is at math!
[Aelita] What are you talking about?
I never kissed Nicolas!
I don't believe this!
First, you kiss the biggest loser
in the school,
and then you lie about it?
But, Jeremy!
Trust me!
Incredible!
You make a fool of me in public,
then you lie to me,
and now you ask me to trust you?
How could you do that?
You really let me down!
You have no idea how much, either…
[door closes]
[sighs and huffs frustratedly]
[footsteps running]
-[computer beeping]
-[grunts]
Oh no!
[dialing]
[Ulrich] I'm telling you,
I never kissed Sissi!
[phone rings] Hello?
[Jeremy on the phone] XANA's attacking!
[Ulrich on the phone] Okay,
let's meet in the park.
[dialing]
[Aelita's voicemail] Hello!
This is Aelita! Leave me a message.
[huffs]
[theme music]
[footsteps approaching]
[Jeremy panting and groaning]
Right, I can explain everything!
All this kissing is another
one of XANA's schemes!
That doesn't make any sense!
He can't control us!
I know that, but I also know
that I did not kiss Heidi,
so there must be a Jeremy clone somewhere.
And a Yumi clone!
And an Ulrich clone, also.
Right. And I bet they're all just
one big polymorphic clone
A poly-what?
A polymorphic clone.
It can change its appearance at will.
XANA must have sent a kind of ghost
that can look like anyone it wants!
But why?
To make trouble in our group.
Divide and conquer.
XANA's really smart.
Not like us.
I guess Odd was right.
Jealousy makes people crazy!
Listen, we've gotta go to Lyoko
to solve this.
Where's Aelita?
Gone. And all because of me.
[sarcastic tone]
Oh, bravo! Where did she go?
[sighs]
Hmm…
I think I might know.
[Jeremy] Aelita?
[gasps]
Jeremy?
I'm really sorry, Aelita.
You're… not angry with me anymore?
[Jeremy] No! I figured it out.
You see, XANA was using a polymorph
that can change its appearance at will!
So, you didn't really kiss Heidi?
No! Let's go now.
We have to get to the factory fast!
You're not too upset with me, are you?
[smooch]
-Let's go!
-[Aelita gasps]
Aelita!
[tense music]
Jeremy! But--
It's XANA! He made a clone
of me to trick you!
Don't listen to him, Aelita! He's XANA!
[Aelita moans]
If I've got this straight,
one of these two
is the poly-talking clone, right?
The polymorphic clone, Odd.
Aelita… Trust me!
Don't listen to him! I'm the real Jeremy!
You know I am! I kissed you!
[Aelita] That's right!
The real Jeremy would not
have kissed me like that!
[sinister music]
-[Jeremy] Keep your hands off her!
-[Aelita gasps]
[thud and grunts]
[Aelita yelps]
[fake Jeremy's distorted groans]
Quick! To the factory!
You guys go on, I'll take care of him!
[door creaks]
[all panting]
[heavy stomp]
Oh, no! Not the big tough guy!
-[Odd grunts]
-[fake Jim's distorted grunts]
[grunts]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Jim growls]
[hatch mechanism whirring]
Head for the scanners!
[whirring]
I'm launching the virtualization process.
[computer keys clatter]
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi!
Transfer Aelita!
Transfer Ulrich!
Scanner Yumi!
Scanner Aelita!
Scanner Ulrich!
Virtualization!
[zooming and buzzing]
[all grunt]
[Jeremy] The tower isn't far away.
Direction: north, north-east.
[Aelita] Across the bridge!
[Aelita gasps]
[all panting]
[Odd grunts]
Hey, XANA… If you're gonna keep
changing appearances like that,
do me a favor, turn into a wimp next time.
Oh no, not him! I know his kind:
small, but tough as nails!
-[fake Odd's distorted grunt]
-[thud]
-[computer bleeping]
-Hurry up!
[Aelita panting]
[zooming and whirring]
[all panting and gasping]
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita gasps]
[Yumi groans and grunts]
[lasers blasting]
Aelita! Head for the tower!
I'll take care of them.
-[thud]
-[Odd grunts]
What did I tell you?
[whimpers]
[fake Odd's distorted panting]
[howls]
[crash]
-[weapon zooming]
-[Yumi grunts]
[lasers blasting]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Yumi grunts]
[exhales]
[Yumi howls]
[lasers blasting]
[Jeremy] XANA's sending a monster!
[thud]
-[shriek]
-[Yumi grunts]
[shrieking]
[panting]
[moans]
You're almost there, Aelita!
[panting and moaning]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[Ulrich] Super-speed!
[fake Odd's distorted yelling]
[shrieks]
[grunting]
[lasers blasting]
[Yumi grumbles]
[fake Odd grunts]
[shriek]
[Yumi grunts]
[howls]
[lasers blasting]
[Ulrich grunts]
[blade swooshing]
[Ulrich moaning]
[Ulrich grunts and groans]
Ulrich!
[explosion]
-[Ulrich] Let's swap monsters!
-[Yumi grunts]
Okay!
[lasers blasting]
[elevator mechanism whirring]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Yumi grunting]
[Ulrich grunting]
Here we go!
[gate closing]
[Jeremy] Careful, Yumi! At ten o'clock!
-[whirring]
-[lasers blasting]
-[thud]
-[Yumi grunts]
[Yumi grunts]
I'll materialize the Overwing.
[digital bleeping]
-[Yumi grunts and yelps]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Yumi grunts and howls]
[zooming]
[elevator mechanism whirring]
[lasers blasting]
[Yumi grunting and groans]
-[thud]
-[Yumi grunts]
[Yumi groans] Thanks, Jeremy!
[grunts]
[sword swooshing]
-[mechanical stomping]
-[shrieks]
[lasers blasting]
[grunts, groans and yelps]
[Yumi grunts]
[laser blasts]
[Yumi howls]
[grunts and grumbles]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunting]
[Ulrich grunts]
-[zooming]
-[Ulrich grunting]
-[buzzing]
-[Jeremy] Careful! Behind you, Ulrich!
Hornets!
-[thump]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[groans]
[Yumi howls]
[explosions]
[rapid lasers blasting]
[Yumi grunts]
-[metallic clink]
-[squawks]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunting and groaning]
Yumi!
-[thud]
-[Yumi grunts]
[sword swooshing]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[explosion]
-[laser blasts]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[shrieks]
-[Ulrich pants]
[Yumi groans]
Aelita! Hurry up!
[Aelita] I'm nearly there!
[footsteps running]
[shriek]
[Aelita yelps] Jeremy!
[Aelita gasps]
I'm trapped!
[distorted grunt]
[angry]
Why isn't this elevator working?
[whimpers]
[Jeremy grunts]
Ulrich!
The Scyphozoa's attacking Aelita!
Forget about the monster for now!
[Ulrich] It's no picnic out here!
[Jeremy] You okay, Yumi?
[distorted nod in agreement]
[computer beeping]
-[lasers blasting]
-[shrieks]
[Ulrich panting]
[shrieking]
Jeremy, I'm gonna need the Overbike!
You got it, Ulrich!
Don't worry, Yumi! We'll manage!
[screams]
[thuds]
[theme music]
[panting]
Okay, poly-whatever!
I'm gonna transform you now!
-[mechanical stomping]
-[lasers blasting]
[panting] Yeah!
-[grunts]
-[thud]
[in distorted voice] De-virtualization!
Hey Jeremy, what's going on?
Jeremy?
Answer me!
[moans]
Jeremy?
-[shrieks]
-[lasers blasting]
[Ulrich panting and groaning]
-[Ulrich groans]
-[heavy thump]
[shouts and grunts]
[groaning]
What did you do to him?
[Odd] Yumi!
[fake Yumi in distorted voice]
Odd! Help me, it's XANA!
You're not gonna believe
this polymorph, are you?
Odd! No, cut it out, pea-brain!
I'm the real Yumi!
Yeah, right! You expect me
to fall for that old one?
On three, we pulverize you!
One… Two…
-Three…
-[both yelp]
-[thud]
-[fake Yumi grunts]
[Yumi] Jeremy, you've gotta wake up!
[Ulrich groaning]
Ulrich! Hurry up!
Aelita's hardly got any memory left!
[Ulrich] Drop her, fish-face!
[howls]
[swishing]
[swoosh]
[gasps]
You okay, Aelita?
[shudders]
-[fake Yumi howls]
-Aelita?
[Aelita] I'm… I'm okay…
Well, I'm not feeling so great…
-[both panting]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[buzzing]
-[fake Yumi grunts]
-[Odd grunts]
-[thud]
Aelita! Quick!
[grunts]
-[Jeremy screaming]
-[fake Yumi growls]
[ethereal music]
-[buzzing]
-[Jeremy groaning]
[beeping]
Tower deactivated!
[buzzing ceases]
-[Jeremy grunts]
-[thud]
That's very sweet of you, Jim.
But as I already told you,
I'm engaged to be married.
But if that's true, Yolanda,
why'd you kiss me?
-I… kissed you?
-[nods in agreement]
You should get some rest, Jim.
Now be a good boy,
and let me take your temperature.
[Yumi] How did you guess
I was the real Yumi?
[Odd] Because you called me pea-brain!
XANA would never call me that!
He's got too much… respect for me!
Oh no, XANA just doesn't know you
as well as Yumi does!
-[Jeremy laughs]
-Jeremy,
would you come
with me for a minute?
I'd like to check something, do you mind?
[hesitates]
No, go ahead!
Check what?
-[Jeremy moans]
-[smooch]
I knew it!
Jeremy, come back down to earth!
Let's hope XANA leaves us alone
for a little while!
I think Jeremy's gonna need some time
to get over that one. Right, guys?
[Odd, Ulrich and Yumi laughing]
[theme music]